so I appreciated that you've just
recorded that video because I saw some
similarities or some parallels with ask
yourself so ask yourself made excuses
for Cory McCarthy and in this same way
Mexi is associating herself with Finnish
Bolshevik this guy who is clearly in
favor of radical regimes current violent
terrorist groups current violent like
you don't where they don't even average
they're out in the jungle with yeah
right
right so I appreciate that you take this
the stance and even though I think most
people are giving her a pass on that
because it's because it's left-wing
rather than right-wing I think it is
true that in this society that we live
in
people are very reactionary toward
right-wing ideology is a not left-wing
well you you all just ask the question
you started to ask me a second ago
you're like you know well in effect
would you be in a vegan group you know
or in a vegan roundtable that included
ask yourself would you be in one that
included maxi so it's a really
interesting comparison and it's a really
interesting question right like of the
two of them obviously ask yourself is
way rougher around the edges like Mexi
really puts a respectable face on this
stuff she looks harmless she does her
hair and makeup and she speaks in this
you know calm and reassuring way it's
hard to believe she's threatened
everyone and you know with ask yourself
you get you know we get a lot of Sturm
and wrong sorry it sort of laps it it's
Jo but you know you get a lot of the
agony but I think I think the truth is
just like I think he still is asking
himself questions you know look I think
he is capable of change but I think he's
capable of reconsidering you know his
deep-seated assumptions and opinions
even about racism which is all stuff
I've really confronted about really
debated with him and I've had some kind
of impact on the guy it's obvious you
know it did matter to him you know my
opinions and I raised issues and
concerns and questions he never thought
about before so it's funny of the two of
them I don't think I'm hurt without
their fun you know I that's easier to
say though that's easy to say you know
in the future it's easy for me to
imagine
yourself really making progress maybe
precisely because he is so rough around
the edges
whereas I see someone like Maxie just
being you know very comfortable in her
position of you know how am I gonna say
it you know she's having her cake and
eating it too I mean when it's
convenient for her to present herself as
just a moderate leftist she does and
when it's convenient for her to present
herself as a hardline communist in favor
of you know People's War class war
Maoist revolutionary methods and even
current you know guerrilla fighters
would have you she she can do that to my
life communism has not come up in my
life really until I moved to show that
yeah so this is probably you know just
ignorant question you know like she
calls people comrade and really does
call people comrade it's true that is
you've noticed
why are you been living in China has
anyone called you comrade I don't think
so no but in the next light footage that
we watched it was translating it into
like so when when the actor uh sorry
famous silent film actor Charlie Chaplin
when he was put on trial in effect for
being communist he was at least
questioned by the authority he didn't
quite get to trial what is the question
they actually went through the records
of him and took out every time he used
the word calm yeah anybody Quito they
asked him to walk it no no just in in
public lectures in real life and
political coordination so in this contra
fir to this guy is comrade that's kind
of yeah yeah because it is so before
communism it was just a normal word of
the English language it was just come we
still have worked like camaraderie and
so on but no it has become a distinctive
sign of communism yeah
right yeah anyway did you ever question
to that what no yeah I was just like you
know that is identifying yourself with
this you know I don't know if there's a
parallel term and waiter don't write
like you know you know it just it does
identify yourself as being a part of
this ideology that even if you say
you're not you don't you know identify
yourself with it right well you know
when she does yeah III assume she's
being sincere when obviously she says
she has misgivings about totalitarian
bureaucratic rihanna's on mmm so do i
but I'm not a communist I'm also not
making excuses for them and so on
you know I really do wish these people
the best I mean it's possible she could
ask yourself these questions and do some
research and a merger to the other end
of this rabbit hole but again you know
so the other channel finished bullsh
Bolshevik if you're looking at that in
context it's totally reasonable for me
to ask these questions and this is a
very clear red flag and yes she does
refer to finish Bolshevik as comrade and
everyone else that's not guilt by
association but that really is the
context within which you refer to
herself as a communist and a Marxist
Leninist taking more salonist approaches
like Donald Trump is taken crap recently
because he retweeted videos from
somebody in the UK who's a fascist yeah
so in the same way if you're like if you
were collaborating or associating
yourself with other groups other people
that are you know proclaiming one
ideology or I think though I mean you
know in terms of the asymmetry between
the right and the left on this most
people are just willing to concede
without investigating at all that
somehow there's a kernel of the original
pure communist philosophy that's good
and well intentioned and that it's it's
me that it's merely you know covered
with the dirt of history like like at
the bar there was a diamond and they
started rolling it down a muddy slope
and then by the end the diamond was
covered with mud but there's still a
diamond in there that's that people are
willing to concede that with not even
Wikipedia level reading right yeah
you little design what no no I was just
gonna say like recently I have heard
that like like I said you know yeah like
it communism hasn't been something that
I'm knowledgeable about but like a
couple of my friends I was just recently
like like in touch with them and yeah
sorry sorry dude it's really just one
that like she seems to have communist
beliefs and we're just like where is
this coming from I think it's maybe it
really is like Facebook yeah most people
choose some religion ideological
Facebook these days she gets it from
tumblr I think yeah you know oh yeah
right okay tumblr rather than Facebook
sorry my mom or willing to say things on
tumblr than they are on Facebook because
of anonymity I guess yeah well I was
gonna say I really feel the other way
about it but I'm someone who really has
read and studied Commerce philosophy
like it's not the core it's the mud and
the outside I can see some value in I
was just saying you a minute ago like so
we're living right now in China the
reality of what China is today I can
totally understand someone respecting it
so let's say you're from Angola in
Africa today you're in Angola and you
look at China and you think okay we can
learn something for this guy not from
communist philosophy not from the
Cultural Revolution the Great Leap
Forward not from Mao Zedong not from the
violent not from the period before 1949
not from the horrible violence in the
decades after no but you can learn from
what China is today as a totally corrupt
totally capitalist country with a
communist dictatorship you know on top
on the top of the pyramid right that I
understand that would be one of the
things to the bottom of the hill you say
wow the mud on the outside this is
pretty good you know that makes sense to
me that I could respect and that would
be a moderate position even though I
think anymore you spent time in China
thinks wow this this country's got a lot
right you've done a lot right why can't
you guys have freedom of the press free
speech elections why can't you meet the
minimum standards other countries meet
why can't you replace that agitator ship
on the top with something else you know
I you know would but
it's really a totally false object
because in my opinion the philosophy of
the core of it it really is poison
that's why it's so jarring to communist
I even remember Slava Dziedzic talking
about this so a name of the moment but
you know a lot of Communists they feel
that Stalin was evil but then the
earlier period with Lenin was morally
good so this is one of many things and
then when I say to them I've mentioned
this recently on my channel I said well
you said well do you know that they
actually had elections in 1917 and you
know what happened after right right and
lennie the side no oh that's that's
another whole story hunting down a
murder me Trotsky yeah that goes on and
on no no no it wasn't Trotsky ran
against him in two elections the party
that won the elections was called the
socialist revolutionary party who are a
far left-wing party and then the
Bolsheviks hunted down and murdered
everyone elected to Parliament their
fellow left wingers the socialist
because they were much more threatened
by people who were their competition on
the far left then they were by people
who were right-wing or centrist or
Democrats or so those were the people
that really wanted to murder where they
kept the competition but Lenin lost the
elections he didn't win and then he
canceled the elections they actually
Parliament met once they had one day of
meeting and then he started hunting down
and killing everyone in Parliament and
on a village by village basis he wrote
about this in 1920 they started killing
every one of the villages who supported
any of the other parties which was of
course the vast majority of the
population because in most of these
areas like less than 5% of people voted
for the Bolsheviks and they knew that
because they had the poll results so
they were persecuting and murdering the
other 95% it's it's really that extreme
anyway but what was when you see that
someone who has that view where they
feel there's this diamond in the mud
right and they were thinking that Lenin
was pure and then later Stalin was
impure then they're like it's not always
but one response that sometimes you just
get shock and disbelief you get people
who don't want to accept that but then
they just try to go back to the earlier
period what's like oh well the period
with with Marx and angles like the
period before line end you know that was
good and then you start breaking down
whoa you know do you know what they
actually said about the french
revolution revolution good well it's
simply what they praise cuz again like I
can't say there's nothing good about the
French Revolution but when Marx and
Engels liked it but the French
Revolution was was the great terror as
it's known to everyone else was the
persecution and massacre of people the
cutting off the heads of aristocrats
being right about it very clearly they
wanted that to go further that's their
model of social change they don't they
don't find the best part of the French
Revolution the best part of the French
Revolution is basically just people
sitting down and writing a new
constitution a new Declaration of Rights
and saying that slavery is bad like yes
slavery is bad unfortunately
the French Revolution concludes with
Napoleon taking over and legalizing
slavery again you know there are there
are some things you can really respect
especially the early days of revolution
but what Marx and angles are responding
to what they're enthusiastic about is
the worst element of the French
Revolution and that really played out in
history played in the history of Russia
but in history of Europe and also played
out in the history of China here where
they imitated those principles where we
really had mass murder you know in in in
imitation yeah once you're saying in
Cambodia people were saying that same
excuse like well if we would have kept
murdering people yes it would have kept
doing what Yeah right it comes
ultimately the mentality comes straight
out of Marx and angles because they're
feeling what the French Revolution was
in this late period the great terror
period that if only it had gone further
if only it had it had kept going and it
didn't have this this reactionary
tendency that people wanted to stop
massacring people that that that it
would have succeeded and that's right
then even when you look at Cambodia you
know in the 1970s and pathetically the
attitude well sorry doesn't even end
1970s and 80s and 90s because the Khmer
Rouge they cease to control the capital
but they keep murdering people it's
really really a sad history right up
until they're there their reign of
terror ends when um Bill Clinton is in
power amazingly um anyway but you know
and their attitude sincerely is if only
they had kept killing more people then
like utopia was just around the corner
you know just a few more years of mass
starvation and mass murder and utopia is
just over though but look at ask another
question
um at what point does a word get
discredit just the word come talk about
thanks doc you know the history time
onething but like at what point would
you stop using that label because it's
killed too many people like even even if
you believe those even if you sincerely
believe those are misinterpretations and
what would you see you know what this is
a little bit too susceptible to
misinterpretation when do you when do
you hit that point because like for real
you know I am I am anti-catholic
I am the world's harshest [ __ ] critic
of the Catholic Church for exactly the
same reason like at what point you say
the Catholic Church is discredit zone
it's killing millions of people look at
what it did to the native people in
Canada and I'm Canadians that matters to
me especially but look what Catholic
Church did all around the world look
what it did in small Polynesian islands
you know
look what it did within Italy
look what it I Roland Ireland has really
[ __ ] up by Catholicism too I mean that
that's a different kind of remote island
you know I mean completely [ __ ] the
Catholics destroyed Ireland what can I
tell you you know there's a great
documentary by the way okay it's not
that great is it okay documentary called
sex and a cold climate and it's just oh
my god so depressing and you know it
includes sexual it includes specific
sexual misconduct by the Catholic Church
but also just raises the general
question of how like all of Ireland is
like mentally and psychologically
crippled but the sexual politics of
Catholicism you know what I mean
anyway you know at what point at what
point do you just decide you know the
word you know the term National
Socialist most off the previous the Nazi
it's kind of been discredited guys like
still the term communist I mean at this
point I'm sorry I just I just don't get
it and I struggled I wish you know in
Canada was really a problem the Green
Party is [ __ ] up well what are you
gonna do is start the maroon party like
it so it's a real problem you can run
out of words sometimes it's a real
creative challenge I don't want the term
veganism that's one of the reasons I
came on YouTube in the first place
criticizing people I don't want people
like Gary Yourofsky
to discredit the word veganism I don't
want durianrider to describe the review
I don't want to have to get a new word
I'm
defending that label but I'll tell you
something at some point I mean if the
word veganism is associated with the
kind of atrocities communism is listed
with I'll get rid of the term I'm gonna
come up with a new label no the same way
I like if people that you know if a lot
of people who are vegan are communist
then yeah yeah blackening the name annoy
it's true I I don't remember any other
YouTube channel talking about that
before I came on but like really saying
look guys veganism is not left-wing and
I got I got a ton of feedback you know
positive and negative and just a dude
with like oh gee you know that never the
you know veganism is also not yoga you
know what I mean like I'm just saying
veganism has to be separated from some
of the accretions some of the cultural
associations that have been that have
been attached to it but yeah they so
with it in the case of veganism it's the
exact opposite I do think it's the
diamond I don't think it's the other
stuff the core idea is what I really
think is positive and good and but know
if it gets associated with far left-wing
politics and that was that was the whole
argument if the intersectional people
that was what they wanted they actively
wanted to Sassoon subsume pardon me
subsumed veganism within left-wing
politics it's like no to me this is
fundamentally you know I don't even want
I don't even want veganism to be
subsumed within the the you know animal
rescue paradigm or the me know like even
that even some closely related things
and animal rights I have to say no this
is not the same and it's not the same as
taking care of stray paths or whatever
you know we really need to separate and
say veganism is just so you know yeah
but look on the other hand I've said
before to you this is a challenge for me
I think it's a challenge gonna have all
my life if you really believe that
veganism is for everybody then that also
means it's for people you disagree with
so that means you're you know it's also
for Mexi and it's also for these these
right-wing people and and what have you
and that's that's a struggle run out of
all our lives right right you remember
the video I did making fun of the
Holocaust the Holocaust and iron guy the
vegan Holocaust and I remember him
yeah I think he's in Shanghai that guy I
know last I heard he was a chiang mai
hopefully we might bump into him at Jame
I hope not but yeah um you know in that
case my response to him I just you know
I don't take him seriously at all you
know it's it to me that's it's a
laughing matter you know put it that way
you can see I spotted to it seriously I
was harshly condemning what he said but
you know to me I don't think that
obviously that guy just glanced around
the internet so but I mean you know just
keep it by him with somebody like Maxie
I'm not doing them to the service of
thinking they don't know what they're
talking about I'm taking it seriously to
that extent if this person says in the
internet that this is their political
position and you know yeah III really
believe in freedom of speech she has the
right to come on the internet and make
her pitch to play some kind of
leadership role in the vegan movement
and she's doing a better job than
durianrider she's like really that's the
real comparison that's the alternative
people that people look at her people
look at privileged vegan and then people
look at people like you know they look
at durianrider and they look at someone
like a natural vegan I mean a natural
vegan is not providing any leadership
for the vegan moment she could but you
know I miss very strange things I said
she's not looking for community she's
not looking for anyone yeah I don't you
know deal is she just makes money out of
YouTube apparently I mean she's not
she's done the Reston activism period I
think she's not interested in organizing
anything so okay fine that's you know
but I mean you know someone like Maxie I
really respect her right to step up and
try to play a leadership role I really
do I don't even know what her PhD in is
in but she's apparently getting a PhD
and so on so she you know she may be in
a position that I can only say the same
thing I'd say but ask yourself who share
this conversation you know who's flirted
with far right-wing stuff who's flirted
with racist stuff and so um but he
doesn't really know what he's doing you
know I hope you do the math I hope you
do the reading I hope you think this all
the way through I hope you keep
questioning your assumptions and I hope
that at the end of that process you're a
better person that you are today because
who you are today and what you worked
des is a sack of [ __ ]